<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">1</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">Introduction</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">S</span>ystems work as designed, not as intended. A country&#x2019;s political system is no exception to this rule. We live in a world where politicians act as though they are above the law, elections produce incompetent leadership, and we are powerless while governments indulge in irresponsible spending at our expense. Unfortunately, this is the political system working as designed, and it is working very well for corrupt politicians, monopolies, and special interest groups. It is time to change the design of the system so that it works for us&#x2014;and that new system is Valuarchy. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">In the same way that Eastern Europe has been culturally revived after communist oppression and experiencing the hopelessness of their bondage to the state, we, too, can reclaim mastery of our own fate and cast off the corruption of politicians and governments. Make no mistake, we are not in a battle between classes: rich versus poor, aristocrat versus plebeian. Classes are not natural enemies, but become so by following destructive ideologies that work by dividing groups. Rather this is a battle against a flawed system. Both rich men and poor men can benefit from the idea presented in this book and find common ground within their communities. We can achieve a future where all citizens of a nation are respectful of each other, but this requires change. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">If history was written by politicians, they would tell us that division was solely caused by the other political group. And then they&#x2019;d tell us that if they held the seat of power all the problems of the day would be solved. Reality has seen all groups increase taxation, and pile on regulation. As a result the number of problems plaguing our nations have only grown. This highlights the fact that it is not political theory that is at the root of the problem, but the system which produces the same result regardless of political theory. The system we use is democracy&#x2014;and democracy produces bad outcomes. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">This is not new knowledge&#x2014;Aristotle surmised this about democracy long ago. He identified three different classifications for government, each with their own good and bad version. The first government classification was rule by one,where the good version manifests as a monarchy and the bad a dictatorship. The second government classification was rule by a few, where the good version manifests as an aristocracy and the bad as an oligarchy. The third classification was rule by all. At the time of writing, Aristotle had not encountered the good version of democracy, though he did suggest one, which he called polity. He did, however, warn that democracy was the bad version of rule by all. Why democracy is the bad version was eloquently detailed centuries later by Alexander Fraser Tytler (<i>Tytler Cycle) </i>with the following quote: </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">&#x201c;<i>A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves </i><i>largesse</i><i> from the public treasury. From that moment on, </i><b><i>the majority always votes for the candidates promising the most benefits from the public treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy</i></b><i>, always followed by a dictatorship. The average age of the world&#x2019;s greatest civilizations has been 200 years. These nations have progressed through this sequence: From bondage to spiritual faith; From spiritual faith to great courage; From courage to liberty; From liberty to abundance; From abundance to selfishness; From selfishness to apathy; From apathy to dependence; From dependence back into bondage.&#x201d;</i></p>
<p class="right-align">- Alexander Fraser Tytler</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">This observed pattern, where the majority of people vote for the candidate who promises the most benefits, reveals the problem that lies at the heart of democracy&#x2014;that candidates are somehow able to promise anything and also extract any cost in order to win popularity. This problem is the <i>Funding Flaw</i>. It is no wonder then, that the funding flaw allows the soothsayers, double-speakers, liars, and actors become the most suited people to win the role of leadership. Dishonest men do not hold themselves responsible to their words, promising free services and feeling no guilt at pillaging the public treasury, inflating the currency, or imposing draconian taxes on the people. Fixing this design flaw creates a new system&#x2014;potentially the good version of democratic rule by all that Aristotle was seeking centuries ago. Anew system called <i>Valuarchy</i>.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent center-align"><b>Valuarchy</b>: The system of evaluating a potential leader&#x2019;s worth, realized through the citizen&#x2019;s sum exchange of money with contract and direct payment. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy levels the playing field for all ideologies to compete. Not just ideologies in their entirety, but each specific policy will have an associated cost whereby the people can assess the relative value of that idea and vote with their wallet. It replaces the current political landscape, where all ideas must be accepted to be part of the group, to one where the most valuable ideas get enacted. Similar to how free market competition works between goods&#x2014;only profitable goods (i.e., goods which people are willing to pay for)continue to be produced while unprofitable goods are not. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy will require election and tax reform to implement, however, it can fit within all forms of existing government structures that utilize elections to determine leadership. This means that Valuarchy does not require an overthrow of the government to implement, but rather moderate reform that rolls the Trojan Horse of new incentives through the front gate, resulting in a rewiring of political values and subsequent demand for an efficient government. Where democracy is rule by the people, Valuarchy is rule by value&#x2014;a fundamental distinction between the systems.  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The simplicity of Valuarchy means that it&#x2019;s integration and adoption do not need to be left to intellectuals. The solution at its core is rather simple&#x2014;include price on the ballot and fund the government through direct payment. It&#x2019;s outcome is intuitive&#x2014;if people saw the true cost of government, and had to pay it out of pocket, it would shrink today. But although the solution is simple, and the outcome intuitive, understanding why Valuarchy will produce efficient governments that are controlled by their citizens requires establishing fundamentals that are not common. Therefore, before getting into the details of Valuarchy, we must lay the groundwork for property and the role of government, followed by how money works as a communication medium, and finally, we must gain a deeper understanding of the funding flaw, which lies at the heart of the problem.</p>

</div>

</body>
</html>