<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Sovereign Property and the Purpose of Government</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">2</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">Sovereign Property and the Purpose of Government</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">P</span>rosperity of a society is intricately linked with citizen&#x2019;s right to sovereign property. The definition of sovereign (<i>adjective</i>) is possessing supreme or ultimate power. The citizen must have this ultimate power&#x2014;this supreme control over their own time, body, and property. Without supreme control over these, we become slaves to those who do possess that power. Owning our time and body are important, however we will focus on sovereignty of property.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Property (<i>noun</i>), as in a thing belonging to someone, is a critical advancement in human history and differentiates us from other animals. While animals maintain their own territories in the competition for resources with other groups of their species, it is different than the system humans have developed. A great example of how animals operate is the wolf tracking studies conducted within Yellowstone National Park (<a href="https://www.nps.gov/articles/wolf-turf.htm"><span class="underline">https://www.nps.gov/articles/wolf-turf.htm</span></a>). What was observed was that each wolf pack stayed roughly within their own territory. However, the border lines were somewhat blurred between the packs. Each pack had to patrol their own hunting grounds and mark the boundaries with their scents. This defense of their territory takes a huge amount of time and energy, and they still face the ever-present risk of violent confrontations.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Humans have taken this natural phenomenon and developed it into a system called &#x201c;property&#x201d;, which we use to determine ownership of land and objects. Instead of individually marking territory, patrolling borders, and fighting off invasions by other packs, humans have abstracted away the need to go to these efforts. For example with land, we map out where the borders are and notarize with a third party (thereby creating a land title) so that our properties can be verified by a non-invested person and a fair judgment ruled without violence in times of contest. With the acknowledgment of who owns which property in any given area, the cost for each person to defend their territory is basically zero. No need to patrol borders physically. No need to constantly scent or mark. This reduction in energy and resources is a big boon to people&#x2019;s ability to build and improve their surroundings over time.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Imagine two scenarios, one where if someone steals your car there are no consequences (i.e., you have no right to property), and one which has severe consequences for the car thief (i.e., you have a right to your property). With the former, the thief wins and you lose resources. Without property rights, you would be required to expend additional energy and resources in the defense of your own property. In the latter scenario, where there are severe consequences for the thief, he is deterred from theft. Therefore, you do not need to expend resources for the physical defense of your property. These resources, such as your time, energy, money, and materials, could instead be used on productive endeavours which improve your life. In the first scenario, we can predict that improvements to society would be slow or non-existent because too much energy is expended in defense of what already exists. However, in the second scenario, we can predict that there will be additional energy and resources for creation. This is the beauty of the property system&#x2014;its link to prosperity. To summarize:</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent center-align"><i>Property is an efficient system</i> <i>for defense. </i></p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Sovereignty of property, therefore, is about having ultimate control over your own property. In terms of land (e.g., your home), this means that you shall be able to occupy that space without being stolen from and have control of your privacy. No other person or entity shall have a say with what you do with, or what you do on<sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" id="endnote-1" href="#endnote-content-1" epub:type="noteref">1</a></sup>, your property&#x2014;you are the sovereign. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Intrusions on your ability to control your property effectively reduce your ability to defend yourself. These intrusions include taxation, zoning, permitting (i.e., seeking permission), or any other form that requires extra resources or permission to use your property as you see fit. Sovereignty is necessary to maintain the control required that makes property an efficient system of defense.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">If it is known that property frees up resources, and intrusions on sovereignty so reduce property rights, why have we repeatedly found ourselves living in societies that erode these fundamentally important components of a well-functioning society? The short answer is we are vulnerable when we are isolated. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">There is no such thing as a successful lone wolf. We are strong in groups and weak alone. The true but unfortunate fact is that there are many groups (e.g.,criminal gangs) who will infringe on an individual&#x2019;s property, regardless of the rules or culture. It is unreasonable to assume that we can have a community where each individual has the courage and strength to defend their property against any and all bad actors. Even strong principled men will lose, as these groups will coerce the weaker property owners first, levy taxes against them, and use those ill-gotten resources against the stalwart property owners. No matter how strong the lone wolf, eventually the invading group will wield enough resources to overpower them, and the weak willed and weakly principled will stand idly by.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">To solve for individual weakness, we have built institutions that deal in the uncomfortable, high conflict, and dangerous situations required for the common defence of our property. It is difficult for a person to take the risk of fighting to defend themselves or their neighbours without immediate reward (e.g., successful defense of their property). However, when we turn this principled defensive action into a paid occupation, more people would be willing to deal with these uncomfortable situations and take on the risk. To deal with a dangerous group, the people who take on this paid occupation must be capable of violence&#x2014;in essence they are tasked with wielding violence to defend property. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The institution that we use to provide this service of wielding violence is the government, that is it&#x2019;s purpose. Government is meant to serve the good citizens and prevent ill-intentioned groups(e.g., gangs) from destroying the sovereignty of property of those good citizens. Government has the monopoly on violence that is meant to be controlled by the citizens in service to the defence of those citizens. Each government must have a monopoly on violence so the people are not caught between warring factions within the same nation. If there are two or more violent entities, there will inevitably be conflict in a struggle for power&#x2014;and the point is to reduce conflict efficiently.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The existence of this violent institution introduces a dichotomy: we need to retain ultimate control over our property, but also need a violent force which has the power to protect our property. How can we achieve a system where there is both a powerful collective institution and where the individual retains ultimate control over their property? How is it possible for individuals to keep that institution in check? </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Current systems have not been designed well enough to balance these opposing requirements. The primary defence mechanism employed to maintain balance between the strong group and individual control has been the concept of nationalism&#x2014;a body of people united by common descent, history, culture, or language, inhabiting a particular country or territory. Nationalism is a cultural mechanism, rather than a systemic one. It works by the person in power believing in the nation in which they reside, thereby resisting the temptation to attack their own communities. However, nationalism has not been proven to be reliable to deter corrupting forces<sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" id="endnote-2" href="#endnote-content-2" epub:type="noteref">2</a></sup>. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Nationalism highlights that there are limits to the size of the nation&#x2014;in terms of ethnicity and culture. Mixing ethnicities and cultures directly causes a rift between the people and results in the formation of separate factions, both between individuals and within the government. Splitting the monopoly on violence creates warring factions within the borders, until one side loses completely or there is a division of territory. Reality mirrors this very well&#x2014;there are multiple governments, each representing their own people, and not a world government, though that is the wet dream of communists.  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Property is a system developed to enable large groups of people to efficiently defend their own individual pieces of property. Government&#x2019;s purpose is to fulfill that defensive role, both internally and externally. Each nation is in competition with other nations (like the other wolf packs defending their territory). Governments must expend resources in its defense or risk all their resources being stolen by another (e.g., invasion). This is a draw on the resources of the people that could be used for more productive endeavours. The governments that can effectively defend its people in the most resource efficient manner have an economic advantage over the other groups. </p>

</div>
<div class="endnotes-container">
  <p epub:type="footnote" id="endnote-content-1" class="endnote" role="doc-footnote">
    <sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" href="#endnote-1" hidden="hidden">1</a></sup>
    <i>Please note there is a clear distinction between what you can do with your property and what you can do within the domain of your property. Non-consensual and non-voluntary actions which causes harm to someone else or their property&#x2014;even if on your property&#x2014;is a violation of their sovereignty and should carry consequences. They have the right to their own defense, in the same way that you have a right to your own defense. </i>
  </p><p epub:type="footnote" id="endnote-content-2" class="endnote" role="doc-footnote">
    <sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" href="#endnote-2" hidden="hidden">2</a></sup>
    <i>If you</i> <i>haven&#x2019;t noticed, nowadays, national identity has been decimated in two ways. The first was via a powerful coordinated propaganda push decrying that white people are inherently racist and that our nations must play host to other races, eroding respect for our own identity. The second being immigration. In the past, a land border could be hardened to resist invasion. An invasion would be obvious because the invading people would be concentrated along the border. With immigration, the invasion occurs in a highly distributed manner. At first, the number of invaders seems low as they are spread out and is only becomes notable when the invaders are apparent in large numbers throughout the country. The number of foreign people undermine the national identity. The people of a nation are unique and a foreign born person cannot assimilate just because they move there.</i>
  </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>