<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Money as a Language</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">3</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">Money as a Language</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">T</span>he root word of Valuarchy is value in its verb form<i>,</i>&#x201c;to estimate monetary worth or judge something as important.&#x201d; Valuarchy evaluates leadership through the sum exchange of money. The sum exchange of money is able to evaluate leadership because money is both a communication medium and a language. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Firstly, money is a communication medium itself. Think of money as the internet(i.e., the communication protocol that transfers information between computers) and each individual is a computer. The quality of a decision on how an individual spends their money is similar to the computing power of a computer. The money is the infrastructure through which the computers exchange information, through the transferring of the money itself. Each person adds some computational power to the total of the network. This interconnection of people, through the trade of money, is what we refer &#x201c;the economy.&#x201d; The money, through its exchange, is the medium that communicates information between people. Just like a computer uses binary as the language to communicate through its medium, money also has its own language&#x2014;price.  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Instead of a language that communicates information through combinations of different sounds, words or images&#x2014;money&#x2019;s language consists of a number&#x2014;known as the price and/or cost. The price of an object (i.e., the number of units of money) communicates information on the sum total amount of work, energy, demand, and supply of that specific object or service. Money is an incredibly efficient language whereby a number only a few digits long can express all these these factors . Imagine trying to barter for a knife whereby the blacksmith had to explain how the metal is prospected, mined, refined, the technological advancements in smelting, and the blacksmithing skill he developed to produce that knife. It would take forever to detail the work he did to make the knife and settle on a fair value of trade. Even the smallest objects have an inexhaustible list of technological advancements and nuance that it is impossible to comprehensively explain with words. Money, through price, can communicate complexity very well. Price is like a picture&#x2014;worth a thousand words. Consequently, money is a very efficient communication medium.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Not only will the price communicate the value of the object it is attached to, it can also be used to assess relative value. Let&#x2019;s use the example of choosing one of three steaks to purchase. The first steak is $18, second $22, and third $45. Without seeing the steak or knowing any progeny (e.g., breed, grass-fed,organic, aged), we can assume that the $45 is most likely the highest quality. The quality of the product can generally be inferred from the price. Knowledge of cattle is not needed to make an informed decision on the quality of the beef, just the price. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Continuing with this example, but now looking at how people interact with the price, let&#x2019;s evaluate which steak is the best purchase for a person with modest savings, who can afford to eat well but is simply looking for a standard mid-week meal. Let&#x2019;s say that the third steak is too expensive, thereby eliminating it as a choice. That leads to a closer look between the $18 and $22 steaks to confirm which one is the best purchase. It is here that we assess additional information by looking at the steak quality (marbling, colour, etc.), reading the marketing on the packaging, or asking the butcher for further information. We then combine that information with the price and our budget to make an informed decision. Perhaps the $22 steak had the best colour and was grass fed, indicating that it is more nutritious (personal health being important) than the $18 steak, and, therefore, is a better use of our money. We can make an informed decision on which steak is worth the price. What is important here is that the ability to evaluate a good or service and make an informed decision requires that we first know the price. Through price we can make this informed decision without expending stored time and energy (our savings), making it a less wasteful means to determine what to buy.  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Continuing with the example still further to highlight the second function of money as language&#x2014;it&#x2019;s exchange causes action. In the first interaction with money, we have combined the price, our savings, and the observations to make an informed decision to choose the $22 steak (the first interaction with money). We have decided which steak to buy, but this only exists in our mind and nothing has changed in the physical world (i.e., the steak is not in our possession). We have yet to obtain the steak. This is accomplished through the second interaction with money&#x2014;the exchange. When we pay the butcher $22, we receive the steak. It is the transfer of money (or at least the promise to pay) that powers (incentivizes) work in the physical world.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The exchange of money makes this communication medium the language of work. This is something that we all know, at least intuitively. There are some commonly used idioms in the English language that reflect this; when someone expresses their skepticism about something&#x2014;&#x201c;I&#x2019;m not buying it,&#x201d; or, when someone is talking but not doing&#x2014;&#x201c;talk is cheap.&#x201d; Speaking about doing does not get the thing done. Words are just the movement of air through vocal chords that quickly dissipate. The movement of money on the other hand, is the force that makes people willingly move&#x2014;to work. Money is the largest driving force of human action. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Those two observations of how humans interact with money&#x2014;price is needed to make informed decisions and the exchange of money is what causes work to be completed&#x2014;imply that money is not the root of all evil, but rather a tool to communicate and create action in the world around us. It is through the exchange of money that enables humans to serve each other&#x2019;s interests. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">This service to one another through money is fundamental to Valuarchy. But, this service through money generally only works to one degree of separation. The payment of money is what incentivizes the receiver to act in the payee&#x2019;s interest. More bluntly, the person who is getting paid serves the person who pays. One degree of separation means this service is limited only to the person whose money was transferred. The receiver of the money is going to listen and follow the opinions and orders of the one who pays them, and not anyone else. This is the other side of, &#x201c;don&#x2019;t bite the hand that feeds.&#x201d; If we pay a barista for a coffee, that equivalent exchange of stored value (i.e., money) for coffee ends there. The barista listens to and serves our best interests to complete the exchange, to earn money. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">But, once that money has changed hands and the service completed, the barista is now the owner of the money. When she spends it, we no longer hold any influence on her decision, even if she uses the money we previously gave to her. The person who she pays serves her for that exchange, not us. Even though it was originally our money just one transaction earlier, our opinion on the next transaction does not matter. So, money only works to one degree of separation. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">This transfer of money only working to one degree has one additional nuance. Specifically, was the exchange of money voluntary or taken. If voluntary, then the receiver of the money will be in service and one degree of separation is observed. If the money was taken (i.e., through theft, taxation), then the receiver of the money never enters into service with the person who lost the money. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">This is very important when it comes to our political system. What the people want from government are services for the defense of the common good (e.g., police, judicial system). Yet when we honestly look at some of these services, most notably police and the courts, they fall short of serving the people. Their track record shows that they step to the beat of the politicians. This isn&#x2019;t due to a grand conspiracy but rather due to money only working to one degree of separation. Our taxed money doesn&#x2019;t go directly to the police or judges, but is first taken by the government, who then pay for those services. The government is the hand that feeds these public services at one degree of separation. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Since we do not pay the government voluntarily&#x2014;the government takes from the people in the form of taxes&#x2014;the one degree of separation does not exist between the people and the state. Therefore, when taxation is present in any form, the government is never incentivized to serve the people in order to get paid. But, the one degree of separation still does exist between the government and the services because that payment is voluntary. The government becomes the de facto hand that feeds the institutions we trust with upholding law and order. This results in a broken chain where these institutions (e.g., police, judicial system) serve the government instead of the people, but are paid for by the people. The very taxation that the government chooses to levy against the people becomes the power which they use to dominate the people. The ability to print money may be source of the government&#x2019;s power, but to be the payer is one of their greatest tools to get people to serve them, even if they become evil.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The last component of money as a language relevant to Valuarchy is the payment of money also produces an emotional response,whereby the true cost of attaining that money is condensed into a single moment. We feel the cost when we exchange our money for something because we know how much work that money took to acquire. When blowing a bunch of money on something stupid, there is an immediate feeling that we&#x2019;ve made a mistake, so much so that there is a common term for it&#x2014;buyer&#x2019;s remorse. Additionally, the idiom &#x201c;buy once, cry once&#x201d; comes to mind. It is a felt consequence for our actions, and it is an important feedback mechanism for correcting bad decisions.</p>

</div>

</body>
</html>