<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>The Funding Flaw</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">4</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">The Funding Flaw</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">M</span>any different forms of democratic governments have been tried, however, as summarized by Tytler, they all reach a state of loose fiscal policy. The governments inevitably become so burdensome or corrupt that they collapse. This collapse can come in the form of revolution, civil war or economic collapse, which is then followed by a reset of the system. Each rebirth has a change of guard and new ideological leaders, but each has seen the return of this cycle. Objectively each political ideology, no matter how different from the prior ideology, has increased government spending. The ideologies and people have all varied wildly, yet they have all failed. What isn&#x2019;t seen here is that this failure to maintain fiscal responsibility is within the design of democracy (though not intended). What is it in the design of democracy that produces this outcome, and what is the solution? </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">My interpretation is that the root cause of the failure lies in a combination in how the government funds itself with how it chooses its leaders&#x2014;thereby creating <i>the funding flaw</i>. The first component of the funding flaw is how the government receives the money. There are two primary methods through which the government receives money: taxation and money printing. For this discussion, money printing is used as a catch-all term encompassing all financial methods which create new units of money (thereby increasing the total supply)&#x2014;mechanisms which result in the devaluation of the currency and the redistribution of the captured value at the will of the government through the Cantillon Effect (i.e., the closer you are to the source of money creation, the more you benefit). </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">A conflict of interest is introduced when the government has the power to levy taxes and print money for whatever it deems necessary. So the people who are in charge of spending are also in charge of dictating taxes. In no other exchange of services is the payment mandatory and the cost dictated by the provider of those services, regardless of whether or not the service is used.Sure, in the free market, sellers can demand any price they wish. But the buyer can say no to the purchase, holding sellers accountable to price their product fairly. In the free market, the buyer retains power over their property (money) and can deny others from taking it. But when it comes to the government, they get to take the money they wish to have. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The power to levy taxes and print money is only one part of the funding flaw. By pairing this flawed funding mechanism with a popular vote, the socialist ideology<sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" id="endnote-3" href="#endnote-content-3" epub:type="noteref">3</a></sup> gains an upper hand in elections. This unfair socialist advantage is created because politicians have carte blanche to promise anything without needing to put a price tag on it, and yet still getting the money to pay for it (through taxes, money printing). Absent of price, the voter cannot begin the informed decision making process. This leaves the voter to make a decision based on emotional appeals or ideological bias&#x2014;what sounds good has the advantage.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">When this is the case, the political ideology that wields higher moral virtue has the advantage and the voter has very little to defend themselves from emotional appeals. The socialist politician declares that health care is a human right. Disagreeing with a socialist on the topic gets turned back around, &#x201c;how could you disagree? Do you not care about people!? What if you need it one day and couldn&#x2019;t afford it?&#x201d; These are loaded questions that are emotional minefields and are very difficult for reason to prevail against. Even if people understand that they do pay for it, going against the social pressure is too difficult for many. Socialist proponents are best at wielding this virtue signalling currency.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">With this popular vote plus tax system of democracy,the cost of political promises comes later, after the government has been voted in. This phenomenon leads to the <i>time dislocation of cost</i>. Taxation and inflation separate the political promise from the delivery and the cost. By obscuring the price through indirect means (taxes, inflation) and in time (paid later [credit]) there is no longer an emotional feedback mechanism to counteract ideologies which best wield moral virtue and emotional appeals. A person may make a bad election decision, but could correct that if they were to feel the pain, or cost, of their decision. Time dislocation of cost removes the emotional weight of a choosing a candidate because money isn&#x2019;t exchanged at the time of the vote. There is no gut impact that follows the vote. Programs such as auto-withholding income tax further obscure the cost. The earnings of our work are never gained into our possession, so we don&#x2019;t feel the cost of trading it away. It becomes very hard to feel the cost of the political promise without that exchange of money. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The time dislocation of cost also works to the disadvantage of politicians who attempt to decrease spending. A promise to cut taxes (and services) means that the savings come later. In this situation, people first feel the loss of the service but not the financial gain, which lags. This means that reducing the size of government is not appealing for voters in the short term. Without an immediate beneficial response to counteract the loss of services, there isn&#x2019;t a broadly acceptable reason to vote for someone who promises to cut services (the exception being political movements).  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">With the lack of price and the dislocation in time between promise and cost, the voter does not have the necessary information to make an informed decision and does not feel the consequences of making a bad decision. This leaves the vast majority of voters to assess the political candidates only on an emotional basis in the moment. The socialists exploit this vulnerability present in democracy and, notably, if there is one thing that the socialists do well, it is emotional appeals. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">When the cost is obscured, the currency of politics becomes &#x201c;moral&#x201d; virtue. Those who are best at virtue signalling carry the most political power&#x2014;socialists and soothsayers have a distinct advantage. Trying to counteract this virtue signalling with reason and debate is not very effective at convincing people ensnared within these emotional minefields. Emotions are the right countermeasure. When the payment is made directly by the citizen, the money carries with it the emotional weight of the value they put into that money. That felt impact is the immune response to virtue signalling. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Tangential to this, one thing socialists do is speak to the masses as though any new promise will be paid for by the rich&#x2014;not the masses. This is the classic method for class warfare, dividing people who are not natural enemies. This &#x201c;paid by the rich&#x201d; further obscures the cost because the voter thinks that they aren&#x2019;t going to be paying for they services they use. The combination of not feeling the money leave and thinking the service they receive is paid for someone else, leaves many blind to the reality of their voting decision.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">To highlight why these concepts are important, let us use a thought experiment and focus on how people interact with a popular vote (i.e., the electoral system we have today) in democracy. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Imagine there are two candidates. Candidate 1 is a libertarian and promises to reduce taxes but privatize health care. Candidate 2 is a socialist and promises to increase taxes on the rich and decrease public health care wait times. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Without price, the cost savings promised by Candidate 1 are unknown, so when the voter looks at the cost of paying for private health care, they cannot easily determine how much they would save (or potentially cost more). When the same voter looks at Candidate 2, they see that the taxes will only go on the rich, not themselves and that there is a promise to improve funding for health care. The voter will compare the two candidates and conclude that they lose public health care but don&#x2019;t know how much it will cost versus the tax is on someone else and the continue to have access to public health care. In this situation, the voter cannot differentiate the price between the two candidates, so they cannot start the informed decision making process to determine which method of health care is the most efficient use of their money. It is entirely justifiable to vote for the socialist, because it seems better, but that is an emotional decision. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">In this scenario, the cost of the decision isn&#x2019;t directly felt either. For example, a tax on the rich oil companies trickles down to the consumer as an increased cost on gasoline&#x2014;though only a few dollars per tank. Over a year, this may add up to hundreds of dollars, but it was spread out, ambiguous, and not directly felt as a cost related to politics. Consequently, people are never given the opportunity to feel the pain of payment caused by their voting preference which may prevent them from making that emotional decision to vote for socialists again in the future. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">What we observe from the current system is that net consumers of public services (e.g., people on welfare) know that they are getting &#x201c;free&#x201d; services at the expense of the rich. They do not immediately and directly feel the cost so they think they are gaining an advantage from the system. This means these net consumers continue voting for more social services&#x2014;more socialism. The proportion of the population that these net consumers consist of become a voter base who are going to vote for socialists no matter what. This &#x201c;free&#x201d; promise gives socialism a numbers advantage in popular vote elections. Competing ideologies either have to overwhelmingly convince the remaining two-thirds of the population or adopt socialist policies to try to pull some of these votes away from purely socialist parties. It&#x2019;s often too large a gap to close and what we observe is the adoption of some socialist policies from competing ideologies. This has resulted in an erosion of all other political philosophies towards socialism. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">There is a sick joke in politics&#x2014;that nobody lost an election by spending too much money. Politicians know that socialist policies win elections. This is because the design of democracy incentivizes people to attempt to extract perceived value from elections. Politicians play to this and consequently, this vote plus tax combination turns what should be a service to the people into a self serving machine. It was not the intention of democratic elections to give socialists the advantage of winning representative government elections. Democracy intended that the people be able to choose the candidate who best represents their ideas. That candidate was meant to be in service to the people and serve their interests. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The solution should not be to tip the table in favour of the opposite ideology, but in the levelling of the playing field. All ideologies should compete fairly and openly and the people should have the ability to make an informed decision on which ideology provides the best value. </p>

</div>
<div class="endnotes-container">
  <p epub:type="footnote" id="endnote-content-3" class="endnote" role="doc-footnote">
    <sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" href="#endnote-3" hidden="hidden">3</a></sup>
    <i>To grossly oversimplify, the core tenant of socialism is that the individual is not capable of self governance and personal responsibility, and only the state has the capabilities to provide for them. Socialists operate under the idea that they have the right to take from and/or regulate private property to achieve their ends, or for the good of some other group.</i>
  </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>