<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>The Core Principle of Valuarchy</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">5</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">The Core Principle of Valuarchy</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">I</span>n the last chapter, we discussed how socialism is the favoured ideological outcome from a system that combines popular voting with the government having the ability to levy taxes. This is because the voters are unable to make an informed decision on which political philosophy to choose. The price is unknown at the time of voting and the cost is obscured by using indirect methods such as taxation, inflation, and auto-withholding schemes. The lack of price leaves voters without the ability to make a good decision, and are only left with basing their decision on emotional and ideological predisposition. With no direct payment associated with the vote, the cost of a decision bears no weight and there is no felt consequence to correct bad decisions. Socialism thrives in that environment, and as we are seeing in practice, even competing political parties have to include socialist policies in order to remain relevant in elections. This has resulted in ever growing self-serving bureaucracies. Voters not knowing the price of what they are voting for is the root cause of this cascade of issues. The core principle of Valuarchy is price.  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">What would happen if people actually knew the price of the politicians and their ideology? With what we know about money as a language, what can we confidently predict about how people were to react if we were to have the yearly price on the ballot beside the politician&#x2019;s name (to be paid in monthly installments)?  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Let&#x2019;s explore this with the same thought experiment as in the last chapter: Two candidates in an election: Candidate 1 is a libertarian who is not promising public health care and Candidate 2 is a socialist promising public health care. This time, however, there are no taxes and the prices for each candidate are on the ballot. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Candidate 1, the libertarian wants a smaller government and gives a price of $10,000/year per person for the provision of standard services (police, justice, border defense, public infrastructure). Let&#x2019;s assume that Candidate 2, the socialist, mirrors the base provision of standard services, but exclaims that public health care is a human right and should be provided by the government. Their annual price is $13,750/year per person<sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" id="endnote-4" href="#endnote-content-4" epub:type="noteref">4</a></sup>.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">An average voter working an average paying job with a spouse(who also works) and  two kids is faced with a decision between the two candidates. This time, the voter has the price and they can begin to make an informed decision. The addition of health care, if they vote for socialist Candidate 2, would be an extra $7,000 in expenses per year for their family (2 average incomes) compared to if they vote for Candidate 1. To see if this is a good value, the voter will likely start looking at prices of private healthcare services for comparison. As an example, let us assume there is a competitive private sector which provides family health care for ~$230/month, or ~$2,800/year. Armed with this information, the voter can assess the relative cost between private and public health care. The math is now simple, they know the extra cost for the socialist candidate ($7,000) and the know the private health care cost ($2,800). Private health care would save their family $4,200/year. This would represent a significant saving for most.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The additional information given through price enables the voter to make an informed decision for their specific context. A young healthy person can either forgo or choose a very inexpensive health insurance, saving extra money to help grow their savings at a time when they are starting out. Perhaps fair market competition becomes widespread, driving down the cost of health care through abundance of choice. Perhaps public health care becomes more efficient with proper financial accountability that economics of scale produce a service that can compete on price with the private sector. The outcome is not certain one way or the other, however, either way works in favour of the citizens having access to cost-efficient services&#x2014;which is the goal. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Returning to the example&#x2014;as a result of this informed decision making process, even if the socialist heavily lays on the emotional appeal that health care is a human right, a difference of $4,200 between public and private care will be enough to counteract that ideological minefield. Recall that the exchange of money carries strong emotional weight from the effort put in to acquire that money. The informed decision making process would lead the voter to perceive an additional loss of money by voting for the socialist, deflating the impact that any moral virtue signalling that &#x2018;&#x201d;health care is a human right&#x201d; may have. Money used this way is an effective countermeasure which can prevent people from being socially trapped. It is how people are willing to spend their money which reveals the truth behind what people are willing to act upon. Using price is how we defeat virtue signalling in politics.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Although this was a fictitious example, we can infer that the price would enable people to make an informed decision on the relative values between different political philosophies and the private sector. People are able to fairly evaluate the cost of each ideology and compare their relative value on a fair playing field. The use of money negates emotional appeals and makes signalling moral virtue less relevant to the success of the politician. Price on the ballot produces a predictable and desirable outcome&#x2014;fair competition. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Price on the ballot should produce efficient governments. Previously, we identified that net consumers of welfare were stalwart socialists because the perception of &#x201c;free&#x201d; that results from thinking that some rich person would pay for services they use. They know they extract more from the welfare state than they pay into it. Adding price to the ballot removes the obfuscation and returns responsibility to where it belongs&#x2014;on them. Net consumers of welfare would be forced to participate (rather than leech), and, in doing so, they will predictably seek out the most efficient candidate out of necessity, due to their low income. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Citizens who do not fall into the prior group will also benefit from improved decision making from the inclusion of price. Even though these people may have disposable income, the sticker shock from the price on the ballot combined with the emotional response from the perceived extra loss of money means we can reasonably predict that their voting behaviour will also trend towards seeking out the most efficient candidate (though this time not out of necessity). </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Price will change which qualities people value the most in a politician. We can predict that the most sought-after quality will be offering the highest value in services for their money. As such, this will reshape the political landscape as politicians would then be incentivized to run on policies that are efficient uses of money, and/or provide a quality of service high enough to justify their cost, and/or reduce the size of government to decrease the price. The politicians that will win then, will be the people who are best able to accurately estimate costs and operate the government within a set budget and focused scope of services. So responsible, honest people who have low time preference (i.e., accurately look forward into the future) will rise to the top. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">When each ideology has a price associated with it, the people can judge their relative worth. Political ideologies will continue to hurl insults and claim moral virtue, but it is how the money is spent that tells the truth of what people believe. Ideas that win will be the ones where people &#x201c;put their money where their mouth is.&#x201d; Using price is how we can enable ideologies to compete openly and fairly. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">A secondary effect of the price on the ballot, through requiring the people pay that price in monthly installments, is a culture of constant vigilance concerning the cost of the government. Not vigilance in the sense of heroic effort and watchfulness, but rather the payment each month will be a constant reminder to check the cost of government (i.e., watch over what the government is spending). If a government were to try to increase their size, the people will quickly notice the increase on their next payment and ask questions. The people will operate in a natural state of vigilance (i.e., not requiring extra effort) and therefore should be sustainable. There may even be legally acceptable scenarios where the people can withhold the payment entirely, stopping a corrupt government dead in its tracks. That is a source of real power the people could use to hold the government accountable when necessary. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Politicians who wish to implement programs that go against our private property (e.g., centralized building permits) will be unfavourable because the additional bureaucracy required to implement those program would be evident in the price. The government having to raise the price in step with increasing bureaucracy is how we prevent creeping government scope.We can achieve the strict separation between public and private property by correcting the funding flaw and realigning the one degree of separation between the people and the government.  </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The core principle with Valuarchy is intuitive. We don&#x2019;t need to try to educate all voters&#x2014;a herculean task&#x2014;so that they may choose smaller, more focused governments. Instead, we should give everyone the information they need to make an informed decision, in that moment, in the polls, based on their own context and ideals. It is an intuitive conclusion that if everyone could see the price and have to bear the burden of the government, then the government would shrink tomorrow. Overspending would be questioned and fiscal responsibility would rapidly return. These change will dramatically shift the balance of power from the government to the people, where it belongs. This is how we break out of this cycle of failure caused by loose fiscal policy.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The core principle of the Valuarchy system respects people to make their own personally informed decision. A poor man does not become a slave to the welfare state, exploited by a political class that considers them ill-suited to making their own decisions. A wealthy man who does not require more protection nor greater use of infrastructure than a poor person, no longer has to be unfairly targeted as a tax cow. The wealthy (a status typically gained from successful entrepreneurship) can returned their skills to the community via additional job opportunities rather than be siphoned off to the government. This return of entrepreneurial capabilities to where they belong, with the people creating opportunities, and within the community. Potentially, Valuarchy could create the environment for a community where everyone pulls their own weight for the common things that each need, knowing they are not burdened by others, nor burdens themselves. Wealthy and poor would no longer be pitted against each other in class warfare. A community with mutual respect built knowing each individual pulls their own weight&#x2014;that is fair.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Such a simple principle can change everything. However, as simple as the core principle is, the practical implementation of price requires some design complexity. </p>

</div>
<div class="endnotes-container">
  <p epub:type="footnote" id="endnote-content-4" class="endnote" role="doc-footnote">
    <sup><a class="endnote-mark" role="doc-noteref" href="#endnote-4" hidden="hidden">4</a></sup>
    <i>The additional cost is based on Canadian health care costs relative to average income. The average Canadian earns approximately $68,000/year (Stats Canada), of which $17,000 goes towards taxes. In 2023, the Canadian government spent $1,083.8 billion dollars total, and $242.6 billion on healthcare (</i><i>StatsCan</i><i>, Government spending by function, 2023), or approximately 22% of the total amount spent. Relative to the average income tax, that is approximately $3,750. If we were to consider total tax, this would be higher.</i>
  </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>