<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Introducing Valuarchy</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">6</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">Introducing Valuarchy</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">T</span>his book is not meant to describe Valuarchy&#x2019;s completed design. That is not possible since it has not been tried, and there will be much of the design that can only be informed by real world application. Some things can only be learned by doing. This book is Valuarchy&#x2019;s introduction to the world and is meant to define the key elements of design. The definition of Valuarchy is, &#x201c;the system of evaluating a potential leader&#x2019;s worth, realized through the citizen&#x2019;s sum exchange of money with contract and direct payment.&#x201d;</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The core principle of Valuarchy is simple. However, if it were as easy to implement as it were simple, we would be able to apply it to democracy as a minor tweak and get on with it. There would be no need to distinguish between democracy and Valuarchy. But, just applying the core principle of price to the existing system of popular vote elections would fail. The failure would come due to under-funding of the government and the subsequent collapse of the defense of private property and borders&#x2014;the very purpose of the government. Either gangs would rise up within and overtake the weakened forces of the government to form dictatorships, or foreign nations which had continued to use taxation would eventually conquer what remained of the failed government. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The collapse would occur because we cannot pair price on the ballot with a popularity contest (i.e., a democratic election). Price on the ballot is not the issue, it will still create the conditions necessary for informed decision making. The issue lies with popularity. In the economy, there is a cost to create a good, this becomes the minimum price that the seller can demand. There is a connection to real world work (the cost to create the good) that the price must hurdle. The price has a connection to something tangible. The services that the government is meant to provide also have a cost, but that cost is not accounted for, or connected to, popularity in any way. Without this tie to the real cost of service, the price on the ballot can plummet below the cost of services as the politicians seek more popular lower prices. When the price goes below what is necessary, the government fails. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Perhaps the people may understand that they need to pay something. But the services that a government provide are difficult to see and comprehend within a safe society that does not understand how dangerous some of humanity can be. We cannot expect society to continue to pay the appropriate amount to maintain a military if they don&#x2019;t understand why it exists. There must be a hurdle price tied to the services that is tangible and enforceable. This predictable failure is why Valuarchy exists separate from democracy. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">In Valuarchy, direct payment is that tangible link connecting price to service. Not the payment itself, but what we can do with the payment. Direct payment means there is an exchange of money between each citizen and the government for the provision of services. This is the makings of a contract. The provision of services can be codified into the contract (i.e., constitutional defined minimum services). Citizens agree to a cost of the services through the election process. That makes two consenting parties agreeing to a contract, and each enforceable to uphold their end of the contract. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The government gets at minimum the hurdle price required to fund the provision of the services, and the people get the minimum required services that a government is supposed to provide. A politician running for leadership cannot lie, cannot offer a price lower than their ability to provide the services they will be legally bound to. If the government breaks contract, the people have well established methods of legal recourse to hold them accountable. A citizens&#x2019; attempt to skirt responsibility by not paying can be held to the same standard obligated under contract. A contract treats the government and citizens as equals. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The contract can do so much more, it can also be used to place limitations on the power of government: such as prohibiting the government from issuing debt or money, prohibit the ability to levy taxes, protect the citizen&#x2019;s freedom of speech, the right to bear arms, or private property shall not be subject to regulation. The contract and limitations can reflect the culture of each nation that uses Valuarchy, giving it ultimate flexibility to compete and iterate across nations for the best ideas. When the limitations are hardened in contract, a government which breaks the limitation can be tossed out through the low-conflict and resource efficient resolution system that is a court. A law that was imposed that breaks a limitation can be repealed by the citizens as a court can easily determine a result because the terms and conditions under contract were clear. The people can hold the government responsible to their actions. The contract should not be set in stone (other than constitutionally required services and limitations) so that the free market can iterate different combinations of services and limitations that compete through price. Informed decision making by citizens will judge which combination is most valuable through the wisdom of crowds. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Though the contract sets the hurdle rate and limitations, we still have the issue of how to select quality leadership. Popularity is an inadequate measure of quality. Leadership is earned through resilient action in the face of hardship which inspires others to follow. A good leader acts, and their actions are right, and the men behind them develop a trust that during times of doubt, they can look to the leader for guidance. There is a proof of right that underlies organic leadership. Democracy doesn&#x2019;t produce good leaders because a vote, a zero hardship action, is based on the perception of a person&#x2019;s likability. Popularity is not an accurate measurement of a person&#x2019;s ability to act pragmatically. Given, a test of hardship is not realistic solution either. Putting leaders through a version of the Hunger Games so that we can determine their ability to lead, is humorous but ultimately wrong. There is a better way of determining whether a person is worthy of following.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The key operative here is worthy&#x2014;or worth (<i>noun</i>), defined as, &#x201c;the value equivalent to that of someone or something under consideration; the level at which someone or something deserves to be valued or rated.&#x201d; Assessing equivalent value of someone under consideration? That sounds an awful lot like using price to determine a good&#x2019;s relative value and subjective to the person making the decision. There is hardship in the accumulation of money, and there clearly is emotion involved in letting it go. Again, the answer lies in how we use money.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">When an individual decides to make a purchase, they are making a decision on the value of that good or service relative to their needs. Therefore, when large groups of people make a personally informed decision between competitors (i.e., between a single good or service), the competitor which receives the greatest amount of money is the one that provides the most value as determined by robust distributed computation. Money is the communication medium and language that makes this broad assessment of value possible. We can apply it to choosing leadership. In an election where price on the ballot, the sum of money that each candidate has supporting their platform (i.e., number of contracts multiplied by their individual price) represents an assessment of their relative value by the people. The sum of money associated with each politician is the collective evaluation of a leader&#x2019;s worth. That is how Valuarchy chooses quality leadership worthy of following.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">A politician who specifically undercuts price to gain more votes, may garner more popularity, certainly, but may not bring in more money. Money is the language of human action. The politician who garners the highest sum of money is judged to be the most valuable leader. When the politician&#x2019;s are competing for the greatest sum of money through the voting process, it changes their interaction with the process. Leader&#x2019;s need to provide what is most valuable, not what sounds popular.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Leveraging these elements of money is why Valuarchy stands apart from traditional democracy, or any of the monarchy, dictatorship, aristocracy, and oligarchy attempts of the past. Valuarchy communicates what the people need in a fundamental different way from the methods of the past. In the past, people connected through written or spoken language, and reductive debate, to mold a collective vision. Valuarchy connects people through a powerful network that combines their ideas. The sum of money represents the collective will of the people. The money is that distributed computation network which is additive and also provides the resources needed to drive the real world action as determined by the people. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Because Valuarchy relies on money as the communication medium and the language, if any centralized entity has the power to create the money, that entity can disrupt how money works in both these aspects. A centralized entity can dictate the political system by creating new units of money and spending those how it deems necessary. The size of their spending can make the amount the people can spend, irrelevant. Or, the money becomes a tool for the government to print and pay itself to do what it wants. Even outside of this blatant manipulation, changes to the total supply of money cause ripples that reverberate through the money, distorting the information it is meant to carry. Products, services, and prices become disjointed creating confusion. This breaking of the money&#x2019;s ability to communicate information could also topple a nation which uses Valuarchy. What Valuarchy requires is that the people choose a money which has no centralized issuer and a constant supply that can easily be verified by the people. There is only one money which has these attributes&#x2014;Bitcoin.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">To summarize, the key design elements of Valuarchy consists of:</p>
<ul>
<li>The government shall not have the power to levy any tax against it&#x2019;s citizens and residents</li>
<li>The government shall not have the power to issue it&#x2019;s own currency</li>
<li>The money shall have a constant supply</li>
<li>Preceding an election, each candidate must produce a draft contract and annual price (which is then included on the ballot). The contract must contain the minimum services and limitations that are defined in the constitution </li>
<li>Only citizens can vote, and subsequently are the only ones who may hold a contract with the government</li>
<li>The vote and contract can only be signed by citizens</li>
<li>The leader is determined by the candidate who receives the largest sum (number of votes multiplied by contract price)</li>

</ul>

</div>

</body>
</html>