<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Contemplations</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">7</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">Contemplations</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">U</span>p to this point, we have discuss the core principle and key design elements which define Valuarchy. However, there are several ideas which are not foundational per se, but are indirectly important to Valuarchy or speculations on how it could be used. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy ties the revenue of the government with the total number of people in a location. This introduces the potential for slum-lording if all residents are able to vote and sign a contract. There is a financial incentive for the government to immigrate people to boost their profits. The ability to vote and sign a contract must be reserved as a privilege of citizens, and citizens only. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy can be used to create a distributed government structure (more-so than a republic); for example separating the judicial branch from the executive branch. The judicial branch is meant to be a check on power of the government, but it is currently funded by them&#x2014;a conflict of interest. Countries can become destabilized when the judicial system stops working correctly through ideological capture of the judges (soft on crime liberalism), corruption of the judges (judicial dictatorship), or capture by the political class (lawfare against citizens, two-tier policing). Judges are not paid by the people directly&#x2014;meaning judges serve the government. Additionally, judges are typically appointed by the federal government. There are two conflicts of interest present in the judicial system. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy solves the funding and appointment issues by direct payment, sum of money, and contract as a binding document to uphold the law. Money working to one degree of separation can return the judicial branch into service of people. Additionally, giving the people the power to choose their own lead judges means that the path to power can only be satisfied through service to the people, and not popularity with federal government. This properly distributes the power by placing the judicial system outside of the reach of the government. And if that is the case, then the judicial system can pursue corruption within the government without fear of a funding backlash. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Using the sum of money to determine the leader within Valuarchy poses one significant hurdle. A problem would occur if all citizens had to sign the contract of the leader. For example, if the leader was not the lowest priced option, but we forced the group that voted for a less expensive politician, those people would probably riot. At best it would be very contentious. This puts strain on the contract, it would be a forced signing, and technically may be nullified. Using the same process as democracy would amplify the tyranny of the majority under Valuarchy. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The solution to this problem is not certain. We will need to try different methods of interfacing how people choose leaders with the structure of the government. The solution likely is on which allows people to pay the price they voted for, regardless of which politician is ultimately the leader. This could look like a system where there is a leader (who had the greatest sum of money), and opposition (candidates who placed second, third, etc.). Interestingly with this dynamic is that all people will be represented. The leader shall have the power to run the government, but the people who did not choose him still have a voice. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">This leader-opposition interplay has immense potential&#x2014;from eliminating the Tyranny of the Majority problem to creating a dynamic state of competition between politicians, bringing free market dynamics to leadership. However, this is not something that can fit within our current government systems. Perhaps, after implementing the basics and the size of the government decreases can we entertain restructuring the government. We can then seek efficiency by removing checks and balances that are no longer needed when the people have the power of contracts and courts. Maybe the people stumble upon the most efficient structure by themselves. Maybe intellectuals who typically try to control the outcome need to do the hardest thing of all&#x2014;nothing, and let the system work. Perchance, the core principle and key elements are all that are needed for Valuarchy to unite the people and government in creative synergy. </p>

</div>

</body>
</html>