<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Conclusion</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body>

<div class="chapter-heading">
  
  <h1 class="chapter-number">8</h1>
  
  
  <h1 class="chapter-title">Conclusion</h1>
  
  
</div>

<div class="chapter-content">
<p class="no-indent"><span class="dropcap">T</span>he goal is to return fiscal responsibility to our governments. Unfortunately, socialism has become the dominant ideology as it has an inherent advantage in popularity based election systems like democracy. Other ideologies have attempted to dethrone socialism within the existing system by trying to convince people with reason to reign in the power of government. But these attempts have required educating masses of people to change their minds on contentious topics. Healthcare, welfare, roads, environment, downsizing government&#x2014;each of these are emotional minefields where there is no changing minds with reason. Ideology has been the wrong battleground to solve the funding flaw and bring financial responsibility back to our government. Instead, the focus should be on fixing the systems we use. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy is not another ideology, it is a new system. It does not have political bias to the left or right, it is a system of fairness and honesty. A neutral system where ideas can be pitted against each other on a fair playing field&#x2014;price. When ideas can compete fairly on their own merit, we have system that works. We don&#x2019;t need to convince people to change their ideological opinion on the size and role of the government or its services, we need to give them the information that turns them into informed decision makers. Citizens don&#x2019;t have to align with what sounds popular, they can choose what is most valuable. Valuarchy&#x2019;s strength is enabling citizens to become informed on each ideology fairly, and aligning the cost with their decision. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy&#x2019;s design enables people to evaluate each idea on its own merit. Socialist and libertarian ideas alike can compete for people&#x2019;s money on a fair playing field&#x2014;may the best ideas win. Just because one idea within a philosophy is valued by the people doesn&#x2019;t mean that all other policies within that philosophy are also valuable. There may only be a few ideas from each ideology that the people choose. Instead of having to pick a side, people choose select ideas based on their specific value. Just because a person has a socialist opinion on emergency services will no longer require that they support socialist ideology on welfare. Or any other combination. This reduces ideological bias and in-group politics. The design of Valuarchy enables the most valuable ideas from each ideology to be mixed and matched in a new competitive political game where the freedom to iterate contract terms and communicate that iteration through price can be evaluated by the citizens. The interplay between contract and price predictably means only the most valuable ideas will be chosen, as less valuable ideas would bloat the price of the candidate and likely result in less sum total support. It is a dynamic system that can improve over time as more valuable combinations are discovered. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The flaws of democracy has resulted in socialist policies being adopted by most parties to appeal to the welfare class in pursuit of popularity. This welfare class becomes the focus of most political parties, who promise that spending will go to them&#x2014;this is the warning given by Tytler. But what this also does, is create a sameness of all political parties. A significant number of people have intuitively figured this out and treat politics with apathy. There is no point voting if there is no real different. This is revealed by the lack of voter turn out. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The silver lining here is this lack of voter turn out means there is a significant group of people who do not have something they find worth voting for in the current system. They are the politically homeless middle, not represented by the polar right or left. Add on to that how attractive a fair playing field is to moderate people, and Valuarchy could be appealing as a source of real change. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy&#x2019;s intuitive nature means it can be discussed and propagated without the fine philosophical details underpinning the uniqueness of money as a language to people who don&#x2019;t care about political and monetary theory&#x2014;yet they can understand the impact of &#x201c;price on the ballot.&#x201d; Not only is the fair playing field attractive, but there is significant appeal in knowing the price of the government prior to voting. The vast majority of people understand basic household finances&#x2014;spend less than you earn and save the excess. Valuarchy enables people to anticipate the cost of the government, but it also constrains the government to spend only what they are given by the citizens, like a household is constrained by their income. </p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">The outcome of Valuarchy is predictable, smaller governments and more efficient services. The outcome is predictable because we intuitively understand that people will choose to elect more efficient forms of government when they know the cost. These are certainly similar to the ideological goals of libertarian and minarchist philosophies, but it achieves this outcome not because Valuarchy tips the scale in the favour of those ideologies, but rather removes socialism&#x2019;s advantage. Ideologies must compete on value and justify their expense to the people. The fairness, or neutrality of ideology, should be appealing to the largest political group&#x2014;the middle. Valuarchy can incentivize people to be responsible for their own actions and the government to act in service to the people. The government is supposed to serve, and we can achieve that purpose.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p class="no-indent">Valuarchy presents a unique opportunity to cast off this bondage to the state down the road of bankruptcy.We can break free of cycles that foretell of financial collapse, whether it be the Tytler Cycle or the Four Turnings. Loose fiscal policy is a choice we make by accepting the status quo. Valuarchy is a simple idea and works on sound fundamentals that we can use to shape a different future. </p>

</div>

</body>
</html>